OZ-560: Rename project,Added E2E tests and registration Opt In (#1)
mekomsolutions/container-to-consul: README.md

Reviewer: @enyachoke  the doc specifies multiple commands to be run, with different option. Can those options be used simultaneously? eg, using `consul.service=myservice` and `consul.tags=xyz`

Author: Yes they can as used in the tests https://github.com/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul/blob/52f007b0788d2fecc29abd6c7b6d7fe8cce04fe6/e2e/docker/test-compose.yaml#L4-L10

Reviewer: In that case, the structure of the doc is misleading.
Why would someone want to run those commands one by one like that?

I suppose it is better to simply document what the options can do, without an example `docker run --rm ...` which in fact will probably never be used.

Author: > In that case, the structure of the doc is misleading. Why would someone want to run those commands one by one like that?
> 
> I suppose it is better to simply document what the options can do, without an example `docker run --rm ...` which in fact will probably never be used.

The commands are used to explain the effect of the option and are not necessarily complete usage examples.

Internally, Container-to-Consul calls Consul low-level [catalog/register](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/http/catalog.html#catalog_register) and [catalog/deregister](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/http/catalog.html#catalog_deregister) API endpoints.

Container registration is an opt-in process. By default, Container-to-Consul will not register any container in Consul. To register a container the `consul.register` label must be set to `true`.

### Supported labels

| Label | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `consul.register` | Marks a container for discovery | `false` |
| `consul.ip` | The IP that will be registered as part of the service in Consul| first IP found in the `NetworkSettings` group from `docker inspect` result. If the container is running in `host` network mode, the ip address used is the `docker0` one. |
| `consul.port` | The port that the service will be discovered on| `none` |
| `consul.service` | The name of the service in Consul | `container name` |
| `consul.tags` | The tags that will be added to the service in Consul | `[]` |
| `consul.kv.<KEY>` | Key/Value pairs | `{}` |

### Registration
Running;

```

> docker run --name docker-nginx -d -l consul.register=true -l consul.ip=10.0.0.1 -l consul.service=nginx-service -l consul.tags=www,api -l consul.port=80 -l consul.kv.foo=bar -l consul.kv.bar=baz  nginx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --name nginx -d \
 -l consul.register=true \
  -l consul.ip=10.0.0.1 \
   -l consul.service=nginx \
    -l consul.tags=www,api \
     -l consul.port=80 \
      -l consul.kv.foo=bar \
       -l consul.kv.bar=baz \
        nginx
```

```

will register a service `nginx-service` with
- ip  `10.0.0.1`
- tags `www` and `api`
- port `80`
- 2 key/value pairs under the `/services/nginx-service/` tree.

You can check for the registered service in [Consul](http://localhost:8500/ui/dc1/services)

> For a complete usage example please [see](https://github.com/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul/blob/main/e2e/docker/docker-compose.yaml).

### Deregistration

> To deregister the container, you can simply stop it and remove it.

Reviewer: Is removing the container necessary to deregister? I don't think so, right?
I suggest to then remove the `rm` command to put it a bit after, as a note or something.

# Container-to-Consul

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul) 

> [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/mekomsolutions/container-to-consul)

Reviewer: Are these going to work?

Reviewer: Did you remove these lines?

> Container-to-Consul automatically registers and deregisters nodes for any Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container-to-Consul automatically registers and deregisters any Docker container as HashiCorp Consul nodes.
```

> This project is inspired by [gliderlabs registrator](https://github.com/gliderlabs/registrator).

Reviewer: Isn't this based on https://github.com/benoitvidis/con-tainer2sul instead?

Reviewer: If so, it needs more emphasis.
What about:
> This project is largely based on the original work done in [con-tainer2sul](https://github.com/benoitvidis/con-tainer2sul) by [Benoît Vidis](https://github.com/benoitvidis/). While this fork includes significant changes and improvements, we would like to acknowledge the foundation provided by the original project, without which this version would not have been possible.

> Please note that some files, variables, or other elements might still reference the original project name. These remnants will be updated over time as the project evolves, but their presence reflects the project's roots as `con-tainer2sul`.

The main difference is that Container-to-Consul will by default register the containers as nodes. This allows to register a container without having to expose any network service on the host.

<!-- toc -->

- [Running Container-to-Consul](#running-container-to-consul)
  * [Using Docker](#using-docker)
  * [Configuration](#configuration)
    + [Consul](#consul)
    + [Docker](#docker)
    + [Logger](#logger)
- [Container registration](#container-registration)
  * [IP Address](#ip-address)
  * [Service name](#service-name)
  * [Tags](#tags)
  * [Skipping registration](#skipping-registration)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Running Container-to-Consul

### Using Docker

```
docker run -d \
  -e c2c_consul__host=localhost \
  -e c2c_consul__port=8500 \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \

>   mekomsolutions/container2sul

Reviewer: Should we keep this Docker image name?

Default configuration outputs logs at `info` level to `stdout`.

_.c2crc_
```json
{
  "[..]": "[..]",
  "logger": {
    "name": "container-to-consul"
  }
}
```

## Container registration

Container-to-Consul relies on [Docker labels](https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/labels-custom-metadata/) to define the values sent to Consul.

Internally, Container-to-Consul calls Consul low-level [catalog/register](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/http/catalog.html#catalog_register) and [catalog/deregister](https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/http/catalog.html#catalog_deregister) API endpoints.

Container registration is an opt-in process. By default, Container-to-Consul will not register any container in Consul. To register a container the `consul.register` label must be set to `true`.

### IP Address

By default, the registered ip address is the first one found in the `NetworkSettings` group from `docker inspect` result.

If the container is running in `host` network mode, the ip address used is the `docker0` one.

The registered ip address can be configured using a `consul.ip` label.

```

> docker run --rm --name containertoConsul -ti -l consul.ip=10.0.0.1 alpine ash

Reviewer: Let's have the container named `container-to-consul` if possible.
